## ATTRIBUTION

#### Paypal.
Paypal SDK is owned by PAYPAL, Inc. and is available for download at: <https://www.x.com/developers/paypal/documentation-tools/paypal-sdk-index>.

PAYPAL LICENSES THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION TO YOU ONLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  PAYPAL MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE.  Each user of the Software or Documentation is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Software and Documentation and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs, or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.  Use of the Software and Documentation is made with the understanding that PayPal will not provide you with any technical or customer support or maintenance.  Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitations may not apply to you.  To the extent permissible, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days.

PAYPAL AND ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  IN NO EVENT WILL PAYPAL OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, COSTS, FEES, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE), EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  PAYPAL'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION.